# [PM-VIS](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2404.13863)
The code is Coming soon!
## Abstract 
Labeling pixel-wise object masks in videos is a resource-intensive and laborious process. Box-supervised Video Instance Segmentation (VIS) methods have emerged as a viable solution to mitigate the labor-intensive annotation process. However, previous approaches have primarily emphasized a traditional single-step strategy, overlooking the potential of a two-step strategy involving the use of segmentation models to generate pseudo masks, and subsequently leveraging them alongside box annotations for model training. In practical applications, the two-step approach is not only more flexible but also exhibits a higher recognition accuracy.Inspired by the recent success of Segment Anything Model (SAM), we introduce a novel approach that aims at harnessing instance box annotations from multiple perspectives to generate high-quality instance pseudo masks, thus enriching the information contained in instance annotations. We leverage ground-truth boxes to create three types of pseudo masks using the HQ-SAM model, the box-supervised VIS model (IDOL-BoxInst), and the VOS model (DeAOT) separately, along with three corresponding optimization mechanisms. Additionally, we introduce two ground-truth data filtering methods, assisted by high-quality pseudo masks, to further enhance the training dataset quality and improve the performance of fully supervised VIS methods.To fully capitalize on the obtained high-quality \textbf{P}seudo \textbf{M}asks, we introduce a novel algorithm, PM-VIS, to integrate mask losses into IDOL-BoxInst. Our PM-VIS model, trained with high-quality pseudo mask annotations, demonstrates strong ability in instance mask prediction, achieving state-of-the-art performance on the YouTube-VIS 2019, YouTube-VIS 2021, and OVIS validation sets, notably narrowing the gap between box-supervised and fully supervised VIS methods. Furthermore, the PM-VIS model trained on these filtered ground-truth data shows obvious improvement compared to the baseline algorithm.
